# Find Digits

## Problem Statement  
You are given two numbers `x` and `y` represented as strings. `y` is generated by random shuffling `x` and then adding 0 to n more digits at any random positions. 

Create a function that takes in these two numbers (`x` and `y`) as string inputs and returns the newly inserted digit(s) that was/were added to `y` in the form of a concatenated string of all the newly added digit(s) in an ascending order. **You must use a set or map data structure from STL to solve the problem.** 

**Note:** A single digit can be added more than once in the new number. 

### Constraints
- `x` and `y` > 0 
- 0 < `x`.length, `y`.length <= 10^8 
- `y`.length >= `x`.length 

### Sample Input
```c++
8 56981234
```

### Sample Output
```c++
1234569
```

### Explanation 
- **Input**: The sample input consists of two strings separated by a space denoting the two numbers, `x` and `y`.
- **Output**: The sample output consists of the newly inserted digit(s) that was/were added to the shuffled first string in an ascending order.  

### Problem Attributes
- Author: Kunyao Wang and Amanpreet Kapoor
- Difficulty: Medium (30-44 minutes)
- Date Created: 07/02/2022
- Last Modified: 07/02/2022

### Submission instructions
Code your solution in `src/find_digits.h` and upload the `find_digits.h` file on Canvas.

### Unit test instructions
To run unit tests, open terminal and go to the `find_digits` directory. At this directory, run the following command:

`g++ -std=c++14 -Werror -Wuninitialized -o test test-unit/test.cpp && ./test`

This will show you which tests you pass. We encourage you to build your own tests.
